DOCS - Replace Testnet with Devnet (#84)
iotaledger/chrysalis-docs: docs/devnet.md

# Devnet

> Since the Chrysalis update, the `tesnet` is now known as `devnet`.  We recommend you use the `devnet` to develop and test your application.  

Reviewer: @lucas-tortora the old testnet, before Chrysalis, was also called `devnet`, but before the upgrade on `mainnet` Luca created the network that was referenced as `testnet`. So maybe say something like `the testnet network name is devnet`?

Author: ```suggestion
Since the Chrysalis update, the `tesnet` is now called `devnet`.  We recommend you use the `devnet` to develop and test your application.  
```
